gh-123135: add support for path-like objects in `fnmatch.filter` on POSIX platforms (#123122)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-08-19-09-36-50.gh-issue-123135.w_ZNAs.rst

> Fix :term:`path-like objects <path-like object>` support in
> :func:`fnmatch.filter`.  Patch by Bénédikt Tran.

Reviewer: I think this is a feature, so it could be phrased:

```suggestion
Add support for supplying :term:`path-like objects <path-like object>`
to the *names* argument of :func:`fnmatch.filter`. Previously,
such objects were accepted only on Windows. Patch by Bénédikt Tran.
```

Author: Personally I consider it as a bugfix but I changed it into a feature. The reason I considered it a bug fix in the first place is because we said that it's equivalent to `[name for name in names if match(normcase(name))]` and `normcase()` accepts path-like objects.

Added support for supplying :term:`path-like objects <path-like object>`
to the *names* parameter of :func:`fnmatch.filter`. Previously, such

> objects were only accepted on non-POSIX platforms. Patch by Bénédikt Tran.

Reviewer: The only non-POSIX platform that we support is Windows:

```suggestion
objects were only accepted on Windows. Patch by Bénédikt Tran.
```

Author: What about WASI?
